DRAFT: PSSECAUT-1351 - Updating snyk sast check (#125)
konflux-ci/konflux-sast-tasks: task/sast-snyk-check/0.5/MIGRATION.MD

# Migration from 0.4 to 0.5

Version 0.5:

> - The `--project-name` parameter has been added to all `snyk code test` executions, even if not added as ARG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `--project-name` parameter has been added to all `snyk code test` executions, even if not included in the `ARGS` parameter. This uses the same value as `PROJECT_NAME`.
```

> - If `--project-name` is already an ARG, no action is taken

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `--project-name` is already included in `ARGS`, there is no change in behavior.
```

## Change in behaviors

> - The scan results from users may appear in new locations since the `--project-name` will now be used even if no ARG provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scan results may appear in different projects in the Snyk UI since the `--project-name` is now set by default.
```

> -- Default value is the Konflux `COMPONENT_LABEL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Default value of `--project-name` is the value of the `PROJECT_NAME` parameter, which if unset, defaults to the name of the Konflux component (`appstudio.openshift.io/component` label).
```
